added Microsoft Publisher (#6713)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/information-protection/windows-information-protection/enlightened-microsoft-apps-and-wip.md

- Microsoft Remote Desktop

> [!NOTE]

> > Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Office Access, Microsoft Project and Microsoft Publisher are not enlightended apps and need to be exempted from WIP policy. If they are allowed, there is a risk of data loss. For example, if a device is workplace-joined and managed and the user leaves the company, metadata files that the apps rely on remain encrypted and the apps stop functioining.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Office Access, Microsoft Project, and Microsoft Publisher are not enlightened apps and need to be exempted from WIP policy. If they are allowed, there is a risk of data loss. For example, if a device is workplace-joined and managed and the user leaves the company, metadata files that the apps rely on remain encrypted and the apps stop functioning.
```
